c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DGNMTools\DGNMTools\bin\Debug\DGNMTools.exe.config
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DGNMTools\DGNMTools\bin\Debug\DGNMTools.exe
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DGNMTools\DGNMTools\bin\Debug\DGNMTools.pdb
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DGNMTools\DGNMTools\bin\Debug\ScjnUtilities.dll
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DGNMTools\DGNMTools\bin\Debug\ScjnUtilities.pdb
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DGNMTools\DGNMTools\obj\Debug\DGNMTools.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DGNMTools\DGNMTools\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DGNMTools\DGNMTools\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DGNMTools\DGNMTools\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DGNMTools\DGNMTools\obj\Debug\DGNMTools_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DGNMTools\DGNMTools\obj\Debug\DGNMTools.g.resources
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DGNMTools\DGNMTools\obj\Debug\DGNMTools.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DGNMTools\DGNMTools\obj\Debug\DGNMTools.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DGNMTools\DGNMTools\obj\Debug\DGNMTools.exe
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DGNMTools\DGNMTools\obj\Debug\DGNMTools.pdb
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DGNMTools\DGNMTools\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.dll
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DGNMTools\DGNMTools\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Docking.dll
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DGNMTools\DGNMTools\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Navigation.dll
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DGNMTools\DGNMTools\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Data.dll
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DGNMTools\DGNMTools\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.xml
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DGNMTools\DGNMTools\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Docking.xml
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DGNMTools\DGNMTools\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Navigation.xml
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DGNMTools\DGNMTools\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Data.xml
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DGNMTools\DGNMTools\bin\Debug\de\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DGNMTools\DGNMTools\bin\Debug\es\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DGNMTools\DGNMTools\bin\Debug\fr\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DGNMTools\DGNMTools\bin\Debug\it\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DGNMTools\DGNMTools\bin\Debug\nl\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DGNMTools\DGNMTools\bin\Debug\tr\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DGNMTools\DGNMTools\obj\Debug\SociosPorGenero.baml
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DGNMTools\DGNMTools\obj\Debug\SociosPorGenero.g.cs
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DGNMTools\DGNMTools\obj\Debug\DGNMTools.exe.licenses
